Q.1  In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
     integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
     *
     'hello'
     -87.8
     -
     /
     +
     6
Ans. Of the above elements, '*','+','-','/' are expressions while 'hello','-87.8','6' are values



Q.2  What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans. A variable is a store of information while a string is the type of information you would like to store.
     Eg. x='hello'. Here x is a variable we declared as a string 'hello'
     

Q.3  Describe three different data types.
Ans. A data type is a classification of data which tells the compiler or interpreter how the programmer intends to use the data.
     Describing three data types:
     1. 'int': This data type is used to represent integers like 87 or -18
     2. 'float': This data type is used to represent fractional integers like 0.9891 or -13.89 .
     3. 'char': This data type is used to represent a single letter, digit, punctuation mark, symbol, or blank space like 'a' or '!'
     

Q.4  What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans. An expression is a combination of operators and operands that is interpreted to produce some other value. If you ask Python to print and expression, the interpreter evaluates the expression and displays the result.


Q.5  This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
     expression and a statement?
Ans. An expression evaluates to a value using operands and operators while a statement executes something like creating a variable or
     displaying a value.
     
     
Q.6  After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
     bacon = 22
     bacon + 1     
Ans. As we did not declare bacon= bacon + 1, python does not assign a new value to 'bacon'.
     Hence the output will be the original value i.e. bacon = 22
     

Q.7  What should the values of the following two terms be?
     'spam' +'spamspam'
     'spam' * 3
Ans. For string addition, python attaches the string directly. So the output will be 'spamspamspam' for first epression.
     Similarly, for string multiplication, python attaches the string with (n-1) number of same strings where 'n' is the integer that is
     multiplied. Thus the output will be 'spamspamspam'.
     

Q.8  Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans. Variable name cannot be a digit. Therefore eggs is a valid variable name while 100 is not.


Q.9  What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans. To get integer of a value, we have to declare 'int' function.
     To get floating-point number of a value, we have to declare a 'float' function.
     To get string version of a value, we have to declare a 'str' function.
    
    
Q.10 Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
     'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos'
Ans. We cannot add an int type value and a string directly. To fix this expreesion, declare 99 a string either by calling a function or just
     encasing it in ''.
     